I've assembled here at the GLC and
expert panel of snowboard historians
we've got Greg Daniels and acaba Graham
Turner Kevin sands alone
and finally stew on board I'm mark
toe-to-toe a visitor with some wacom
stochastic percent by tell us three
words to describe snowboarding epic
euphoric
my first day snowboarding was as he goes
87 quit ski racing just hiking this
little toboggan type Hill I bought my
first snowboard when it's 15 plastic
snowboard without edges and army combat
boots definitely painful replies
mahogany and the water ski jig so
incredible long on my face weight or not
ha moment fighting through my lip
mind-blowing insane cruising my knees
holy fun everyone buys a snowboard loses
their mind on it moves to where it's the
best place to do it and then tries to be
the best at it again
black home before they own whistlers
they really were proactive you know a
train park was like stepping it up in
the events and the sponsors and just
nurturing that snowbird culture clothing
changed events changed
snowboarding changed the whole culture
of the mountain I think that's big you
know it's totally different mountain now
than it was 20 years ago because it's
snowboarding black home really made you
feel welcome and they went out of your
way to make snowboarders feel like hey
come here this place is awesome
do whatever you want be cool and this
became the center of the snowboard
universe for Canada and it became
because of that the center of the
snowboard universe for the universe
basically hey that was deep Whistler
Blackcomb is rolling and in the
progression of snowboarding is it's got
a lot of sides too for sure the events
people coming from all over so that was
huge to put it on the kind of global map
and the magazines and all that stuff
building new lives accessing new terrain
and mix that with like the vibe of the
town and and all that stuff just made
this the place to be and it still is the
place to be from across Canada if you
were a kid out east you had to come here
you had to be here mr. block was had a
huge role in the sport of snowboarding
you know I firstly can attest to it of
getting a job here to create the train
park so we were the first resort out
west to introduce the the pipe dragon
which was the groomer to shape the
halfpipe there is no other place like
Whistler Blackcomb and you know we won
40 Awards taught three awards for best
training parks in North America so I
think that speaks for itself there's
nowhere that has what Whistler Blackcomb
has it's like there's other places that
have huge mountains but nowhere has the
huge mountains the great village the
great atmosphere everything that makes
Whistler Whistler like Damian Sanders
put it a drive from LA to the Whistler
for one hit on the wind lift
you know ending up my day here at
showcase just wanna say thanks to the
guys for letting me in on the history of
snowboarding now it's time to make this
outfit a part of history that's a lot
better I'm mark toaster correlate this
beer with Sherlock Holmes spell cast
presented by Telus I remember the guy
with the one arm chasing me with his
snowcat and jumping out and chasing me
through the parking lot and they used to
take your snowboards away and never give
them back so that was it was pretty
scary actually you know and I worked
there and the other thing that's really
changed is you know we used to lean on
snow words to get photo incentives and
now we lean on him to hide our guts
grade 9 you could make a cedar chest or
a snowboard in woodwork class so I went
for the I went for the snowboard blah
blah blah I talked a lot I forgot the
question